# All-About-Maang
This is a informational web page that dives into Maang! (Work In Progress)

This is yet another project utilizing HTML/CSS in order to continue to develop my skills. I would like to have a firm grasp on HTML/CSS in order to expand my knowledge as well as how deep my skillsets can take me. 
What I'm learning while working on projects like this, is just how deep into the rabbit hole you can go when it comes to these languages. While I am learning at a steadfast pace, and enjoying every moment at that, I see just how comprehensive 
these languages can be. I see myself finding multiple ways to tackle a set problem, I see myself learning the capabilities of CSS everyday, I see just how far HTML/CSS can go if you truly are willing to put in the time and effort. Long story short: There's always something to learn, and that is what constantly excites me! 

Now pertaining to this project specifically. This project, as mentioned before is a informational web page that briefly dives into what Maang is, who's usually looking at a career at Maang, and the steps needed to secure that career. While I could go on for hours and hours, creating pages upon pages, a short novel if I may - I decided to keep all the information at hand, on one page, in order to showcase some more skills while working on this project: I decided to keep it on one page to challenge myself in terms of extracting relative and concise information regarding Maang, that will educate the reader to a sufficient level while creating this feeling inside the audience to want to learn more about Maang through use of their own initiative. (I used a little bit of my experience human psychology to create a page that synthetically builds a want/need to learn more on the topic). 

That's about it for this project, it's an informative page that utilizes my creative web design, HTML/CSS, Psychology, and written communication skills in order to create a complete site! As always, I hope you enjoy the simplicity and structure of this project as much as I did :). 
